This is a head-gum original.
It's been a long time coming. Yeah, and...
What better timing?
Um, I...
We could start over if you love him.
We fucking got his ass!
On the network!
Yeah!
Moons here, boons here!
That's right!
Is Bunsen your Italian?
Yeah!
Damn it!
What is that, friend?
We...
Uh...
Are you a perfect person? Let's fucking jump into it.
We've got Marieka Brownlee zooming in from New York.
We've got a mirror blue and filled up on the sacks.
Yeah.
Miles Bunsen here, am I saying it?
Not at all.
He's Bunsen your A.
Bunsen your A.
When the moon hits your eye.
Like a big piece of my Bunsen your A.
He like, we're having fun.
Oh, wow.
I don't know how Marieka's three hours ahead in New York City.
And I've known who feels most daily and needed already.
Yeah.
Right?
I mean, I agree with it.
It does feel like it's a mirror in Miles against you,
which I appreciate.
It does already Miles against you is like pretty even...
Turg.
Yeah.
We're talking in very similar spaces.
Really pushes it over the edge.
Miles, I have...
I was just agreeing that you could continue talking.
I was going to say, yeah.
So you're furious at him.
I have to admit, I knew...
So I knew you from Twitter vaguely.
Yeah.
I think I had followed you on Twitter because you were verified and you had funny tweets.
Absolutely not verified.
Absolutely.
Don't have funny tweets.
But I believe I followed...
You probably saw that I followed you.
I don't know what happened.
But I remember that we were trying to do a guest swap with the try guide.
Right.
And then I didn't know you were associated with the try guide until we were on that show.
Really?
And then I was kind of...
Oh, that's so funny.
You can't...
Trying to help.
Happy to try my chime in.
Yeah.
There's no way that'll be a good flow to the end.
Listen, we're teetering on...
We're teetor burrowing on...
Yes.
The fucking...
Bring...
Between that Friday feeling and utter despair.
And I'm trying to near...
You're...
Vira's towards that Friday feeling.
Yeah.
But my energy today is sour.
And I need y'all to get me on the right court.
Yeah, you came in and live it.
This is my first time at the headgum studio.
You're giving it up and that.
Yeah.
You were like, live it off of some meeting you had.
The things like what didn't go according to plan.
Yeah.
I got a fucking demotion financially.
Marty said I'm not really pulling my weight or pushing weight.
So now I'm getting 30 an hour.
We doesn't feel fit.
That's a lot.
Really?
Yeah.
That's actually what I thought.
You deserve slash gut.
Here's the deal.
I didn't know who you were.
Then I knew who you were.
And then we did a show together at the try guys studio.
We did do an episode of the try about a show that I also produced.
And we did my show.
And that'd give me that work though.
Right.
This was...
I think a year before.
Show call the try pod with my bosses.
You came on.
Yeah.
I realize that I'm a pandemic.
It kind of looks.
Just stay in your fucking lane for five minutes.
Well, I explain to the people out there how Miles and I are best friends.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
No.
It's not unbelievable.
It's not like everybody kind of tense stuff in the studio.
And I feel like that was more tense.
We're like having fun.
Me too.
Like is great.
You have the energy of like a bicyclist who almost just got hit by a car.
Yeah.
I want to like slam on the monster.
No.
I'm bicyclist.
I'm Tiger Blood.
But I realize during that record and from your Twitter that I feel like we have a very similar sense of humor.
A hundred percent.
Yeah.
And then people on Twitter have been begging for the Miles Jeffery show.
People want us to collab.
Yeah.
And so do I.
And I feel like this might not be the first.
But certainly the last.
This is the first.
Certainly not the last.
There we go.
Yeah.
We'll probably do something else together if this goes super well.
And I consider myself a perfect person.
And so I'm excited to go on that show and prove it.
Yeah.
I'm curious what you have to see.
You're a you're a flawed man.
There's no way.
I'm just what you have to man.
Like sometimes people will call in and have like real problems.
I'm curious like what you're how you're going to get real in that environment.
I'll get real.
Yeah.
And this arena.
I can be visceral.
This really do treat it like an arena.
Yeah.
Are you not in today?
That's really good.
Do you guys have a voice of God Mike speeding?
We do.
Hell yeah.
Okay.
So please chime in as much as probable.
I'm loving the energy.
Yes.
It's already unraveling.
And I know that by minute 30 mid segments.
I'm going to need your guys.
Okay.
Um.
Let's keep it going.
Well, okay.
Maria, how the fuck are you doing?
I'm fine.
I'm really tired.
This was a bad idea to go to me for this to keep it rolling in lively.
I know.
You weren't even near the mic.
Yeah.
I was really adjusting in my chair.
Where we got a magazine.
Look at Twitter.
Can I go see a movie after this?
Probably.
Um.
Did you have to go into the headgum studio just to record this or read there all day?
I wasn't here all day.
I had a doctor's appointment and I walked here after.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Maria's body's never been at a stasis.
No.
Yeah.
I went to the doctor's appointment for one thing.
And the doctor was like, that's fine.
But here's three other things that are like.
I could be the cause of what your experience.
Like I haven't the time for this.
And that's your issue.
And I want to hear about Miles medical history soon.
But you don't you need a non perfectionist general practitioner.
Right?
Somebody who's just going to bandate everything and not try to get you to perfection.
Ah, that's the opposite of what she needs.
It sounds like she has to get to the underlying issue.
And you just want to like give her add bill for like yeah.
Yeah.
Just like no amount for a few hours.
You want to sweep it under the rug.
Yeah.
Arguably that's what I was trying to do.
I went in for I keep hearing a gurgling in my ear.
And the doctor was like, let's do an allergy test.
Also, you have TMJ.
Also, your tonsils are three times the size they should be.
Oh, no.
I hear getting an adult tonsillectomy is extra painful.
Yeah.
He said I don't need that.
That's the thing.
It was all things that were like you're teetering on the verge of like problems.
But mostly you're fine.
I'm doing great.
That's good to hear.
You know, I have actually been enjoying some TMJ myself recently.
Wow.
Is that my girlfriend got a grind guard.
And now she's having jaw problems.
And I guess that's a very common thing.
Yeah.
Maybe they're like messes your bite or like gives you jaw stress.
Have you guys experienced that in any way?
Grind guard related jaw pain or your TMJ predates that.
I don't know when it started.
But I do a retainer to keep my teeth straight.
But it's definitely like I'm definitely clenching my teeth all the time.
I'm constantly in a state of stress and distress.
Yeah.
So it makes sense.
It's hard because you're asleep.
So you can't really tell yourself not to do something.
Yeah.
I'm grinding my teeth tonight.
Got a baby tooth.
Pop that fucker out of there.
And baby tooth still.
Well, I had a baby tooth and then they popped it out.
And then so I don't have a tooth and I got an implant.
Yeah.
And I'm waiting for them to screw on a like white part like the cat.
So I was doing on one side of my mouth.
This will screw.
Yeah.
It was a screw.
And you're currently awaiting the tooth implant.
Yeah.
And so I was chewing on one side of my mouth.
So I didn't like get any danger there.
Yeah.
Don't do that.
That sucks.
Yeah.
The doctor was like, you know, if you decide to like go and need a kind bar.
This is literally what he said.
He's like.
Yeah.
Actually, if you eat this kind bar.
It has eight grams of sugar.
All grams of protein.
He was like, maybe don't go for the kind bar.
And you go for something more like scrambled eggs.
The same.
Maybe he's got a baby in favor of Google.
Yeah.
Wow.
And then I came to the office and I ate five packs of skittles.
So jokes on him.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Oh my god.
In the mix, it seems like it's not going to be that loud.
Yeah.
That's because fucking Grace Harper does her magic.
Our new mix engineer.
Oh, that's nice.
Also, we didn't congratulate on you on being the new supervising producer of the fucking show, man.
Top brass for my fat ass.
That's really exciting.
It's nice to see in the fucking credits.
There's a whole team that puts this thing together.
Right?
It's nice to see.
I used to see.
I'm a hyper off of coffee.
And I don't know where to place my energy.
Other than send it to the microphone.
Good comment on today's episode.
And they called you the ghost of cold brew's past.
That's really good.
You are going to crash, right?
Excuse me.
Miles, in terms of the the screw that you have coming out of your mom.
Yeah.
Are you going to use that to your advantage?
Like to eat something that usually is crunchy to have.
Like, you're going to use the screw Dave.
Eat something so like a walnut.
Yeah.
Are you going to not crash?
So you're asking if I'm going to use my sort of medical situation to crack a walnut with my teeth.
Yes.
Have you ever been?
Do you ever go to Mendocino farms?
Have you ever been on a ride or something?
I've been to Mendocino.
Yeah.
They're almost chicken sandwiched.
They're not so fried.
Yeah.
That thing will fry the top of your fucking, you know, mouth.
Unless you have a fucking, a Phillips head.
Yeah.
Did you rate this before?
I'm floundering.
The crash is starting early.
Shit.
Um, what did we have?
And even.
Let's just get our bonds of the week out of the way.
Uh, our bonds in your eyes of the week.
Yeah.
Miles bonds in your eyes.
You're my bond of the week.
I think you're tall.
I think you're fit.
I think you're married.
Which seems to be a weird through line for all the bond actors.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
For the most part of your line.
Yeah.
Like.
But like.
There's an relationships.
Yeah.
You're a laughing stock, man.
You're laughing stock.
It's, it's good to see them in this angle.
Because you are panicked.
Like, swiping through.
Screens on your MacBook.
And then you live on one that doesn't seem like you were trying to get there as
our split.
I've never felt so seen.
The best is when he, you watch him choose a sound.
And then immediately choose another one.
Because he's the best.
Wow.
A couple of decided.
Nice.
Do you guys have any bonds of the week?
Producers.
Casting for the next 007.
Before it's too late.
Uh, Timothy Shalame with like just like 200 pounds of muscle.
Maybe.
That's pretty good.
Wow.
That's what I'm casting.
Let's go with the rock.
Huh?
It's going to rock.
She.
Wow.
The rock has had a whirlwind of a,
honestly, three years, but most importantly, last week.
He is so busy promoting this black Adam movie that I fear what would happen if it
bombed at the box office.
I don't know if the rock could open up such a drama.
Scott's been getting some batteries.
That's going to bomb.
It's scary.
Sad for the rock who really put his entire seemingly emotional net worth
into promoting this film.
Not to mention his Dwayne John Nocy.
His what?
His Dwayne John's Dwayne.
Yeah.
Do you want to try that one more time?
Basically his John Nocy.
John Nocy.
He put his ruckusy into it.
Okay.
No.
I didn't.
I don't think I still understand what you're doing.
My favorite part of this set up is that the people I can hear the
poster onion case.
It's just really funny.
Yeah.
I really would have preferred instead of black Adam black
Adam.
But it's Dwayne Johnson.
Repreasing the role.
Interesting.
Do you ever see black Adam?
No.
It's like a great.
It's black Adam.
I don't know what that is either.
It's mister.
Yeah, though.
Yeah.
I just wanted him to go on to the next thing.
Oh, true.
Because now we're talking about it.
Do you think you put your whole Jeffrey Jesse and
Peter?
Is it a pencil?
Yes.
Who's that?
Oh.
I've always said I put my whole Jeffrey and through it.
Yeah, we don't like.
I do feel my foot content.
I do.
I have a thing for feet.
Well, I guess you can do that.
I was going to do it.
We can.
Well, we have a whole segment about fetish later.
Basically.
We'll use.
Forget it.
We have a wrap up the bonds of the week.
You said Timothy Shalamea getting stacked.
I want to see him stacked like doing action,
but I think that would be really interesting.
From Wonka to Bonka.
What's Bonka?
That's Bonka.
But he has a tonka ass from doing so many squats.
Blumenfeld, are you going to pass or what?
Yeah, I think I'll pass this week.
On your Casey, James Bonk could be anybody.
Anyone you've already mentioned?
Is anyone that's off limits for me?
No, just cast anybody as the next double or seven.
A corn kid.
That's pretty good.
Oh, it's going on.
I really like fun.
I want him to get a real, I want him to have a career out of this.
I want him to have a career out of this.
He doesn't have to help one of the most important action
moving French, I have some all time.
I just feel like we're using him and he's going to get 15 minutes
of whatever and then we're all going to forget him.
And I don't want that to happen.
I don't think it's fair.
He has some kind of like garden green sponsorship.
So it's like shake and not stirred.
And then as he's waiting for his martini,
he like chomps into a corn on the cob.
That's good.
I like that.
See you on his corn.
I feel like right the whole concept.
He has a fake ID.
Well, he is 21.
One of his gadgets is a fake ID.
Brieca?
I'm going to go with Megan the stallion.
That's good.
Yeah.
I'm going to take a very easy.
All right.
This country produces more cinnamon than any other
per the tasting table.
What do you guys think?
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Am I supposed to have like a city like,
am I supposed to say what city it is?
Or am I supposed to say what I think?
What country do you think per move?
Produce is, I'm sorry.
Now I'm getting angry again.
Produce is the most cinnamon.
That was so out of the blue.
That, don't you want to be like,
all right, let's play food trivia.
All right, this is the game.
We're going to answer questions.
First one to do this.
That and the other.
You just launched right into a question about cinnamon.
This is news of the day.
We do this every week now.
Okay.
So I at least say that.
Yeah.
I'm going to say that of first.
It's time to move on to news of the day.
Okay.
This headline had to do with the cinnamon output.
Yeah.
Of a specific nation.
Uh-huh.
I think it's Indonesia.
Who you know, though, because you wrote the article.
Well, let's get all of our answers in.
I want to take a swat in the dark and say Iceland.
Okay.
So random.
Yeah.
How weird would it be if it was just America?
Or it's like, yeah, I guess I figured,
but that's not really article worthy.
Yeah.
Let's go Vietnam.
This small country.
Thoughts.
Although India.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, India is a really good guess because it's big.
Yeah.
Cuba.
Interesting.
I want to say,
on your was the most correct.
Your correct, your answer is Indonesia.
You said you said that.
Well, I said it but I knew.
Yeah.
She's the most right alphabetically.
What do you mean by that?
Yeah.
The New York Times reports that Inline skating is back.
Oh, hell yeah.
Yeah, what do we think?
I'd like to be one of those cool like Tiktokers who does like sexy
skating and then.
Yeah, fun music.
I think you in like a two-engine scene
withinline skates on Venice Beach boardwalk would get.
Yeah, that'd be cool.
That's funny.
I think we'll do numbers.
I don't see what's funny about it.
I think it's sexy.
Well, okay.
I want to make it.
Inline skates.
I'm trying to defend you.
Yeah.
Yeah, but they're not the forage top.
So three in the row.
Oh, so three instead of four.
That's the only difference.
Yeah.
Wait.
So roller blades are four in a row.
Inline is three in a row.
You know.
I'm just giving us a big note for this venture.
Or when roller blades and inlines are the same.
They're all in row.
Great.
Roller skates are the four.
And that's two and two.
Yeah.
That's what I thought.
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a blader.
I'm very bad at wheels.
I can't, I ride a bike.
I can't get on skates.
I just have no balance.
I can't even stand on a skateboard.
Like I just have no balance when it comes to wheels for some reason.
Yeah.
I'd like to get into long boarding.
So feel like you don't have to balance as much.
But you still have to.
That's true.
You still have to do a little bit.
Oh, it's a little bit of balancing.
But I mean, I'm tall.
So when I fall, it's like a long distance.
Yeah, it hurts.
Does that mean you have more reaction time to catch your fall?
No, all right.
What scare your supernatural forces are bad parenting?
That was an LA Times article, headline.
And I want to know what you guys thought.
Sorry.
Super natural forces are bad parenting.
Well, I guess bad parenting is like a more consistent evil.
Yeah.
That's going to make the Twitter.
That parenting is a more consistent evil.
I would say bad parenting is also real.
And the other one's not.
So I would say that's one point in favor of bad parenting.
Yeah, I would say the inverse of that to have a kid is good.
And everyone should do it.
I'm having a kid.
Are you pregnant?
Yeah, well, my wife has a couple.
Yeah, we're having a baby in December.
Wow.
That's exciting.
Are they going to be a Sagittarius?
No.
And that's that.
It's a camera.
I'm afraid it's a camera.
Late December.
Yeah, it's a saddest.
Yeah.
What are you?
I'm a Sagittarius.
Yeah, thank God.
You want to get it out of that.
Wow.
What?
One of the nice things I've ever said to you.
Yeah, and that was still mean.
I would say bad parenting because it's more common.
Are we still on?
Yeah, I don't know what the question was.
Yeah, sorry.
Oh, more often than not, this show is me against everyone else.
But I really feel like I'm on the fucking hot seat.
Because I'm on the couch by myself.
Casey's laughing in my fucking face on just looking
over with Pidgey eyes Miles took time out of his vizzy schedule to be here.
And I feel guilty of it.
And amir is in a sour mood.
Yeah.
Well, you first message me on Instagram July 13.
I said, you want to do the show sometime in the next two weeks?
I said, yeah, I'd love to.
He didn't respond for a month.
Yeah.
That he responds seven months later.
Hey, I'm running late.
Yeah.
I hit him back with, hey, just checking in on this.
Nothing for two more weeks.
Yeah.
And he said, hey, just one final time.
And then make a little joke.
He responds a week later.
Let's do this thing.
Yeah.
And then, like, I responded immediately to what she says nothing.
But this is not good to know for the new surviving producer.
I'm happy to have this in both.
Did you?
At any point, did you take that personally or did you kind of think of this?
Sure.
But I knew.
I was like, I'm sure he's just busy.
No, I mean, we're just about to.
And then, and then Thursday, he said, great.
I'm so glad you're doing the show.
I'll send you a calendar and invite no calendar.
But that's true as well.
And then I got in this morning.
And I was like, I'm psyched to be doing the show.
And that relate.
Now it's seeing the reality of the rails.
It is, do you understand that, yeah, now do you not take it?
No, no, I don't take it.
Okay.
I'm good.
And I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to have you here.
One of our best guests, thus far.
Really.
That's true.
Really nice.
Well, how do you think is better than miles?
Can you name him?
You'll rank the, I think Zack Dunn is the goat of the show.
Interesting.
He hasn't been a time for a year, right?
Yeah.
So we're going to, I should bring him on for an end of the year episode to do writing advice
too.
Because that's my favorite episode.
I'm sure we've ever done.
Yeah.
Oh, right here we go.
Probably.
Yes.
And really, I'm scared of this episode because nobody else is on it.
Shut up.
Okay.
Um.
Perfect.
For Buzzfeed News.
Yeah.
A major content house in New York, your mom's house has splintered.
So.
What does this mean?
Was there an end of that sentence?
It seems like you're going to keep talking.
I don't.
You laughed really hard at it.
But I didn't.
It didn't seem like a joke or wasn't like a news content.
Yeah.
That felt that foul.
ostensibly the content house of New York City, your mom's house is experiencing
factionism.
Okay.
I'm microdosing LSD.
Yeah.
It's clear now.
Who's in that one?
Anybody we know?
Hmm.
Your mom's house.
Who's in there?
Oh, I guess we got a quick numbers crunch on that.
Meow sir living there.
We were a big keo sir fan.
Yeah.
And this house we stand sir.
Do you think we know any of the people?
Like if you listed the people that live there,
I think we would know them.
Do you think keo has ever been to big sir wise?
I'm trying to go to deep jins for my birthday this year.
But they won't have me.
So just go.
Wait.
It's an in and big sir.
Oh my god.
I'm not a Ford post ranch.
I can't afford a camping spot in the winter.
So I settled for deacions.
There are no Airbnb's and big sir.
I looked.
Are you doing a news report right now?
Yeah.
I feel like you.
Damn.
Stand new.
I get it again with the wife.
What is it about the day that has made everyone angry at me?
Gallery.
I still have an eaten.
Yeah.
What is that?
No.
I want to have a feast.
I want to have scrambled eggs.
What's the feast going to be?
You've mentioned the feast like three times.
I normally don't eat during the day, but then at the end,
I have a feast.
You said that word.
Yeah.
Like a couple of times before you're recording.
And then now.
What's the feast?
You make a bunch of sweet potatoes.
What's the Thanksgiving style dinner?
Or are you just going to have a sandwich at 8 p.m.
I'm an air fryer.
X Trader Joe's mom.
Oh, so good.
So I just go up and down,
waltzing,
hither than thither through the aisles of frozen goods.
Yeah.
Toss him in the air fryer.
390 for 40 minutes.
40.
Burns.
No.
Uh.
Usually it's like one or two frozen things.
Thanks in a blanket or.
Orange, mandarin chicken.
That's a really good one.
Yeah.
At the one of the frozen sauce.
You don't have to boil it.
You just put in a lot of it.
Just put in a lot of it.
We'll be arguing about that.
You're right.
What the fuck?
I actually.
That sack is poisoned.
Oh, you're doing the.
Oh, yeah.
Mirror image.
Come me.
Thur bad.
We've got a car.
No.
And then I guess.
Um, no, you can plug it at the end.
Uh.
Let's talk about this.
Are you rich?
No.
You're right.
Well, you're wearing a corridor sweater.
Oh, so my friend works at corridor.
Fucker.
Everybody knows.
My other buddies.
Oh, my friends.
My friend.
My friend Zach Thurlkill.
He works at corridor.
And he's just like seven to sweater.
If I had other buddies, buddy owns industry of all nations.
I don't know.
How much is that sweater?
Is it like a $200?
It was like a $200.
I think I got it for like a hundred.
Ten.
Yeah.
And that's a sweater that'll last a lie.
It's gonna last long time.
And I also didn't have any good clothes.
I felt not confident all my clothes.
Yeah.
They were always red bear.
I didn't want to say anything.
I'm going to have to try.
Yeah.
They're not like, sure.
He was ghosting you.
Yeah.
That's right.
He was ghosting my outfit.
Like, just like, I wanted to buy a bunch of clothes.
I was going to make it feel confident.
Yeah.
And this sweater, I feel fucking cool and hot.
And you look it too.
And I want to ask.
And you don't have to answer this.
And we'll go to commercial break.
Either during your answer or right after.
Yeah.
Has the confidence that the sweater has beard.
Showed dividends in cash.
Your sex life.
In my sex life.
With your.
Yeah.
It's my pregnant wife.
Yes.
Well, well, Jeff.
It has.
My god.
That's all.
We'll be right back.
Thank you to Fairety for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, Fairety is all about clothing for life's best moments.
Right?
It's a Friday night football game.
The first day of school or hanging with the family in your backyard this fall.
Fairety makes clothes that feel good and make you feel good.
Fairety's a family brand that believes comfort and quality are key.
It was founded by two twin brothers, Alex and Mike.
And Fairety grew out of their long time love of the surf and mountains, road trips,
and beach bonfires.
You know the feeling.
They're passionate about craftsmanship and sustainability.
That's why every piece is designed to be a lifetime favorite.
In fact, they're clothes even get better with age.
I can't attest to this.
I have been wearing Fairety since far before they started sponsoring the show.
I think since 2017, I was when I got my first Fairety shirt.
It was this reversible striped guy that I still have today that I still wear.
And it is healthier.
They make great clothes.
I don't know what else to say.
And if anything happens along the way Fairety will replace or fix your clothes.
For life, no matter what.
They're perfect for layering, too.
For a cozy fall vibe.
And it even, or even make it easier with a one and done jumpsuit.
I mean, they have incredible stuff, including their jumpsuits that I think look great.
Jump suits are still in fashion.
They might always be in fashion.
Go pick one up from Fairety.
Right now Fairety is giving all head gun podcast listeners an amazing deal.
And that's 20% off every order.
You heard me.
You get a full 20% off your orders by heading to Fairetybrand.com slash what's that?
Check out to get the deal.
That's code.
What's that at Fairety?
F-A-H-E-R-T-Y brand dot com slash what's that for 20% off.
Again, Fairetybrand dot com slash what's that?
Thanks Fairety.
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show guys.
I use athletic greens every day.
I obviously struggle with sleep.
Athletic greens helps me recover when I don't have those full eight hours.
Right?
I wake up.
I have my water.
I'm ready to go.
So what is this stuff?
Well with one delicious scoop of athletic greens,
you're absorbing 75 high quality vitamins,
minerals, whole food source superfoods,
probiotics and adaptogens to help start your day right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health,
your nervous system, your immune system,
your energy, recovery, focus and aging,
all the things guys.
All right, the taste is very pleasant.
Even though it's chock full of all these really healthy for you things,
it still has a nice pleasant sweet taste.
I don't exactly know how to describe it,
but all I know is that I like it.
I have gotten my whole family on athletic greens now,
especially my dad.
He's very fit.
He does.
He works out every day.
And now he's on athletic greens and is feeling even better.
It's lifestyle friendly,
meaning whether you eat keto, paleo, vegan, dairy,
free or gluten free, it's all for you.
It also contains less than one gram of sugar,
no GMOs, no nasty chemicals,
or artificial anything while still tasting good.
It supports better sleep quality and recovery,
supports mental clarity and alertness,
and it's the one thing with the best things.
Athletic greens uses the best of the best products
based on the latest science,
with constant product iterations and third-party testing.
It also costs less than $3 a day
and you're investing in your health,
and it's also cheaper than a cold brew habit.
It's also cheaper than getting all the different supplements yourself.
I've said this before.
I used to take a bunch of pills and vitamins and all that stuff.
Now I'm getting it all in one as a nutritional insurance.
So right now it's time to reclaim your health
and an arm your immune system with convenient,
daily nutrition,
especially heading into flu and cold season.
It's just one scoop and a cup of water every day,
that's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements
to look out for your health,
and to make it easy,
athletic greens is going to give you a free
one year supply of immune supporting vitamin D
and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
All you have to do is visit athleticreens.com slash
what's that?
Again, that's athleticreens.com slash
what's that to take ownership over your health?
And pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
Thanks, athleticreens.
I'm not sure if you're out of your bag.
And we're back.
I've been asking a lot of people on this show,
especially guests.
What's on your sexual bucket list for the rest of 2021?
Well, my wife is going to be 22.
22 year off.
My wife's going to be eight and the nine months pregnant.
Right.
So I think that a lot of stuff's off the table.
But also stuff is newfoundly slash land on the table.
Don't look at me when you talk about shaking.
Yeah.
Well, I guess maybe you can start us off.
Like, what's something you're looking to adventure in the bedroom?
And is this like, you're not seeing anybody.
You're sort of single and you're looking for.
I'm just trying to get the full picture.
But this is like someone you're meeting on Tinder
and you're like, hey, like, let's go to fucking
and then like.
I don't like how close to my house that is.
I'm a fuck to see those.
Where do you live in town, man?
I'm out jeffering you.
This is so fucked up.
You go.
And after like one beer, you're like, let's go back to my place.
Let's like, I want to try something interesting.
And what's that thing?
Yeah.
So one beer and then I leave.
And I offer to, for her to hear.
Yeah.
Actually, this is a good question.
I don't know.
You, you opened up the conversation.
Harnesses.
Sorry.
What?
Like a fucking, like, that you're wearing.
Or like sex swing type of situation.
Sex swing type situation is there.
I just haven't figured out a way to hang it.
And my landlord lives above me.
So I'm not going to put a fucking heck screw in the ceiling.
All right.
I don't know if they're with child or not.
But what I have been doing and what I've been trying to make a habit
out of doing is practicing.
Sorry, Casey, but shibari.
Right?
It's fucking rope.
Bondage man.
So you figure out a way to make a harness around someone's thighs.
You're on shibari TikTok.
Yeah.
You're on shibari Instagram.
It's better.
I can't understand.
Don't obviously grace cut that out.
I don't want to be in the same category as him.
Because what he did crossed a lot of lines of consent.
I'm sorry to say.
Yeah.
Wait, don't you have to show your ass on Twitter?
What's that?
Oh, yeah.
I saw people were talking about that.
That is pending.
That is, first of all, patent pending.
Second of all.
Great March, lawsuit.
It is pending.
Marika knows what's happening.
I'm planning something for a grand reveal.
Next Friday.
Are you doing an only fence for sure?
It's so bad.
I'm doing a lonely fence for my own fucking mental health man.
When is this episode come out?
Well, that'd be before after your butt.
Uh, that's going to be before.
Before we out?
No.
Uh, well, we're recording next Friday.
And that'll come out November 4th.
So if you're watching this on the 28th,
just know that the reveal has happened.
Wait.
No.
What?
Today's the 21st.
We're recording in the 21st.
Yeah.
A week from today's 28th.
When you show your butt.
Two more episodes that are coming out.
So we're recording.
Oh, yeah.
Is this going to skip those?
Or is this going to air like some time and make no them for them?
Air this next spring.
Here's what's going to happen.
Right?
Is this good for the listen?
Yeah.
Good for that.
Any updates?
Listen.
What I'm going to do.
We have two episodes from New York that are banked.
Those are going to come out after today's episode.
Just so that I can announce to people that.
Wait.
No.
I'm right here.
I'm physically shaking because I've had too much caffeine.
Um, my eye is twitching.
Okay.
This episode is coming out on November 4th.
Correct.
Currently scheduled.
Unless we want to change that.
So you could announce.
Nay.
But again, the listeners know when it came out.
Yeah, they're listening to this.
They're listening to this.
Yeah.
Everybody's listening on November 11th.
And we're like October 28th.
Maybe.
Next Friday, October 28th.
There's going to be a surprise.
During the record.
Something will.
I think this is coming out like tomorrow.
Yeah.
Who are you talking?
So we have to move on.
Last Friday, October 28th.
You will have watching this having seen Jeff's ass for a week.
My ass is coming.
Whether anyone likes or not.
With consent because there's going to be a sensitive content warning on Twitter.
Otherwise, I'll lose my verification.
Are you doing it on Twitter?
Doing it on Instagram.
Instagram.
You're off for sure.
You can.
You can put born on Twitter.
You can't put on Instagram.
And you know, I'm very good at the fact that you haven't done it on a research.
It's exactly my onion.
It's the super rising cruise.
Like we have to move on.
We have to move on.
Yeah.
Break it.
You've been holding your show together for a really long time.
I don't think anyone talks about that.
Welcome to.
The hash cab.
We should have put it on the.
Yeah, because I was like, yeah.
What?
Is this the smart Samsung smart?
It's the frame.
Click on it.
Yeah.
Did you make this graphic?
I did.
That's awesome.
We already played gash cab.
So there wasn't that much work to be done.
Sorry.
I turned the G into an age.
Yeah.
I guess this is not a heighten for gash cab.
It's a de-escalation.
Yeah.
Here's how things are going to go.
I'm going to ask you guys general knowledge questions about hash.
They stash.
That's pretty good.
There are days.
Man, where I'm like, let's just so I can take it into the courtyard.
Let's go courtyard.
Where are you going to beat him at in the courtyard?
Oh, fuck.
Fisticos.
Don't want to be me.
I'm going to ask you general knowledge questions about hash browns.
Okay.
They start me.
I just now I have an image of like a Jeff versus a mirror.
Like Logan Paul versus whoever the fuck you thought.
Boxing match.
And I feel like we should do that.
People would pay for that.
Yeah.
You would actually want to like put boxing gloves on and fight me.
Could be fun.
I feel like you're secretly buff.
Oh, really?
I don't know.
Do you work out more?
I used to work out more.
I'm less buff now than I was like in 2018.
Okay.
Jeff.
I don't think I've gone to the gym since April.
But I've been walking a lot.
Let's have a walk off.
A walkathon.
Yeah.
Did you put on treadmills?
First of the hit.
Santa Monica wins.
The Ellie marathon is like in three months.
I wonder if we walk it.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
That'd be awesome.
Let's go walk it.
And then we also record it.
And then it's walk it as I tuck it.
Okay.
Walk it as I howling would it take to walk a marathon.
12 hours.
Can I just fucking read.
Now I'm like actually a little.
What are you reeling you, are we?
And when you were making this segment, did you make this segment being like,
Well, Miles is coming on.
He knows a lot about hash bones.
Or was it like you had this banked.
And then you were like, he's going to come on.
I just enjoy the segment.
Uh, I've sort of panicked last night.
And it was like, I need to play a game.
Cool.
And that's good.
They primed with cash.
Yeah.
I'm going to ask you general knowledge questions about hash.
They start off easy and get harder as you go.
And as long as you answer them correctly, you will win a hash brown.
So you were in the, I'm surprised these aren't treated Joe's frozen hash brown.
They serve from the little market near my house.
Uh, is that good?
We should have um, should have heated them.
So you can actually eat them.
Yeah.
Um, three strikes though for three wrong answers.
And you're out of here.
You can also use one 15 second brown out, which is basically phoning a friend.
Do we have a limited option?
Who we can call or anybody.
Uh, no, but you just have to do 15.
It's 15 seconds or less.
And if you exceed 15 seconds, that's another strike.
Uh, here we go.
Marie, can you get it?
Or do you have to let share?
Sure.
You're like your five.
Okay.
Um, two or false hash browns are popular American and British breakfast food
consisting of finely chopped potatoes that have been fried until brown.
True.
That is correct.
I heard, uh, Marieka first.
Actually, I forgot.
This is a team effort.
Um,
Oh.
And what do we just exercising a demon?
Yeah.
I was like, kind of a moan.
Never heard that noise come out of you.
Uh, I'm actually glad you brought up moans because I used my sleep at last night.
Take your phone out of your ass.
Your voice is so deep.
Is it, did you record yourself moaning?
Um, not on purpose, but yeah, let's get something for it.
Oh.
Look at the middle of the night.
That's so intimate to hear.
Oh, my God.
I know he's so private.
You don't even know you made.
I can't hear it.
Well, just great.
Oh.
I was sharing a bed with someone the other night.
And I punched them in the face by accident as I was obviously.
Interesting.
Somebody you went to birdsman.
Uh, in what decade was the hash brown appearing on New York City diner menus?
What decade?
Hey, the 1770s.
No, no.
B, the 1890s.
No way.
See, the 1920s.
Wow, that was going to be my guess.
Okay.
The 1950s.
I'm going to go 20s.
And I guess we answering as a unit or do we get the three answers?
You all get your own answers, but you know, whatever.
So I'll do 20s.
20s?
Solid.
1890s.
Oh, interesting.
Because I was going to go 1950s.
Like diners that we, you know, see.
Uh, you guys are not a unified front, actually.
It's every man from self.
Uh, Marieka's actually exactly right.
Uh, you guys just got two strikes.
Uh, another matter.
We drew a false, the original name for the dish was hashed browned potatoes.
Say that last time.
Potatoers.
And, and I see it more to it, really.
The original name was hashed browned potatoes.
You know, that orida is Oregon and Idaho.
Really?
Yeah.
That famous potato company orida is actually portmento.
Do you know that, Marieka?
We have another segment to get to.
It's pretty cool.
Right.
I just want to make sure that people were actually learning
shit.
False.
Uh, yes.
Sure.
They were called hashed.
True.
False.
That's correct.
You all have one star.
Uh, star.
Strike.
Uh, let's correct.
You just said that's correct.
Yeah.
You guys were right.
We're right.
Uh, we're right.
Got it, man.
Yeah.
The way.
I'm just trying to go.
The words hashed is dried from what?
French word.
A.
Hosse.
B.
Brosse.
C.
Oro.
Or D.
Hashet.
I don't remember the question.
That wasn't paying attention.
And none of them sound like hash except for the last one.
Can you give us the definitions of each of those?
Hosse.
Uh, is to raise.
Brosse is to tan.
Oh, oh, is happy.
And Hashet is to hack or chop.
I'm going to go for Hashet.
Yes.
Of course.
Yeah.
Have you defined it?
It's an easy giving.
What similar Swedish dish?
A.
Mote.
B.
Roasty.
No way.
C.
Yarna.
Or D.
Yattipin.
Also.
This is a really badly question.
Why is it also with Marika?
This is a poorly very questioned because those dishes could be anything.
It's any.
You said what dish predates.
It doesn't have to be potatoes.
It could be what?
What?
Similar Swedish dish.
I should say.
And again, you can brown out.
Brownly out.
By calling a friend.
Well, it's.
It's.
Call your.
Call your girl friend.
Say it's not a hash.
Yeah.
My mom is not going to answer a text in 15 seconds.
Can you repeat them?
Time is up.
The correct answer was.
Roasty.
You said.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Say it.
I first you said.
Wow.
And you gave up.
And you said.
Roasty.
It's like a pan fried potatoes.
Cake.
Like a lot.
Yeah.
Oh.
Somebody said the words of the day.
I forgot about that.
Yeah.
Ah.
Fucking.
It's time for the brown pan challenge.
LA is home to many famous diners.
Yeah.
Name eight notorious LA diners in 30 seconds.
Starting.
LA only.
Ah.
Yeah.
Sorry, Maria.
But LA only.
You have 30 seconds.
If you can name eight, you will take home this tray of hash.
Browns.
Minus one.
You actually only get one.
I accidentally googled 30 seconds to Mars.
Here we go.
Starting now.
Eight diners in LA made famous by hash.
Fred 62.
Correct.
Nell's driving.
Yes.
Heroes.
Yeah.
What's that?
Caros.
Okay.
I trust you.
You were born here.
Denny's.
Yep.
The one here.
Diners.
And then.
Emerson.
Big one.
Yeah.
Johnny Rockets.
Yep.
Is that seven?
Millies.
Yes.
That's correct.
Me.
That's right there.
It's close.
Yes.
Really close.
Potatoes aren't great.
Those are all places that are famous for hash.
Doopars.
Yeah.
Apple pan.
Now.
You guys have.
All want a hash brown.
I mean.
I sound.
Obviously not me though.
I mean.
As this goes on.
I'm not done yet.
Because y'all can double down on the ground.
You can double brown.
Brown.
Bye.
Naming the movie.
That this quote.
Is from.
Are you guys going to double brown?
I think so.
Yeah.
All right.
It's good thing you just.
We're going to need to hear.
No.
You got.
On you.
I don't want to give up the browns.
I think he thinks if we hear.
Well, he needs the hash browns.
Well, he needs the hash browns for his feast later.
Yeah.
It's going to be mostly hash.
Do you see does that sound familiar?
Wait.
Can you see.
Can you play it again?
It's good thing you didn't know hash browns.
It does sound familiar.
Is it from six crazy pieces or whatever?
You're the movie with your mouth.
No.
That's just what's in my closet.
Okay.
Another correction.
Crazy.
I don't know.
It's not even.
It's the movie where Jack Nicholson is like.
Five easy pieces.
I wanted that one.
It's good to eat your hash browns.
Is that famous actor?
Who's the actor?
I don't know who the actor is.
Christian Slater.
Yeah.
It's good to eat it in your hash browns.
It's a cool guy.
I'll give you two hints.
Okay.
Is it a quintet?
2001.
Kind of a cult comedy classic.
I was at that movie that you really liked.
That nobody really likes.
Swingers.
Wow.
That's a good guess.
That's 90's though.
I am sorry, guys.
But um.
You doubled or nothing in you all.
Is it.
Fast times at Ridgemont High.
Right.
Yes.
Stand right now.
It's the opposite.
Isn't that before the 2001?
Yeah.
Older woman.
Stand in a fair.
Easy.
Made.
It was from Super Troopers.
No.
Okay.
This is kind of fucked up, but we have another second.
What did you just look at suddenly?
I don't know.
I had the.
Oh, here it goes.
I guess I should just stop screens sharing.
Because then it goes to the logo, huh?
Is this all going in?
I'm like, I.
Yeah.
I graduated high school early.
I had a 4.0 GPA.
I got a 2340 on my SATs.
I'm a very smart person.
And then now what I look where I found myself.
Yeah.
That's really smart.
A 2340.
Yeah.
Back when I was on the 23.
For 2400scare.
Scale.
Here.
I'm a fucking dumbass.
Welcome to.
And I actually do need to screen share again.
This is fucked up.
He's this.
Welcome to hash or brown.
That's where you either have potatoes or me.
Or have or have potatoes.
All right.
This is a segment I like to call the Miles digs test.
Miles.
Do you know your Myers Briggs?
I think I was like in the NFB like a long time ago, but I'm taking a while.
Interesting.
You got to come out things with more judgment.
Um, what does that mean?
Like I should be more discerning about the test I take or I should have taken it sooner.
Casey.
What?
You're going to really go ahead and talk to me.
Okay.
So what we're going to do, the name of the game is Miles digs.
Miles, you are going to re-up on your Myers Briggs.
Let's do it.
Well, hang on a second.
You're going to figure out your personality of the 16 personalities.
And while you do that, we're going to sort of take unrelenting digs that you're going
to bully your ass.
Jesus.
Okay.
Let's do it.
All right.
You regularly make new friends.
I guess I agree.
Sure.
Sadness behind drugs is otherwise.
Seems nice.
No idea.
But yeah, thanks.
Uh, you kind of suck.
You kind of suck.
A full year group.
You have a sadness.
Yeah.
You came to you.
Your sad.
It seems like you have a lot of it.
Can a mirror take this at the same time?
Because I really want to know what a mirror says.
You might be opposite.
Uh, you don't take kindly to people changing the segment mid to way.
I'm sorry.
We just started.
Yeah.
I got another question.
Is that what they do it from here?
Okay.
There's that one.
And that's that.
That's that.
The web site.
Sorry.
The team personalities.com forward slash free dash personality dash test.
Seems like that.
Thank you.
America too.
Hashtarown game.
Yeah.
Do you guys want to see my finances?
Be great.
The mic.
Kind of impressive.
You're going to open.
This feels like the moon that we saw.
Oh, my lord.
I don't know.
So what I do is this is what I'm allowed to spend for myself.
This is rent each month.
And then this is my savings.
And that's particularly high at the moment.
Because I just was in a Shopify commercial.
That's good.
That was just the low balance alert is tough.
Well, I have to have discipline.
Otherwise, I spend it all on a fucking what.
Yeah.
But I would have granted it regularly.
I'm trying to get a fucking word.
It's fun.
And you played three sound effects.
What only happened?
Also, you should put the slit.
Sorry, I'll first say it.
If you guys could flag that at the forehead happens, it'd be great for the other.
You added.
You added that at the forehead happens.
This might be the most unjust I've ever done.
Don't you say agree or disagree?
Like you have to say.
I said, yeah.
I agree.
And then in a move.
No, I don't make friends, but I don't make new friends that easily.
I would go in the middle.
The smallest green, you know.
You spend a lot of your free time exploring various random topics that peeke your interests.
Yeah, for sure.
Maybe like middle of the green?
Yeah.
I sort of have the same hobbies that I always had.
But yeah.
I explore I guess various random things.
All the dogs out on the floor.
Say that again.
Here's the next hobby to explore.
When you get out of the shower,
out of the shower, little servy, right?
A little weird dress learned how to pronounce that last week.
Great shot, I'm the obitray.
She's drinking milk.
I've never seen that before.
Full glass of hold.
Give me the smallest green circle for my answer.
Okay, seeing other people cry can easily make you feel like you want to cry too.
Oh no, full of disagree.
Yeah, I'm a hard sociopath disagree on that one.
Well, I think it's just like I've already cried all the tears I need to cry.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
This doesn't affect me whatsoever.
Oh, you're like that sad for them and I'll comfort them, but it doesn't make me need to cry.
Okay.
So, okay.
What if you're what?
Both of you.
How hard disagree for both of you is.
Maybe not hard.
Like it makes me sad, but it doesn't make me cry.
I don't cry really.
Yeah.
Okay.
You don't be uncomfortable by that.
No, I also don't cry, but it's for different reasons.
What's that?
My bowing gland dysfunction.
Really?
God, you're so fucking proud of that.
The way you say it so fast and good.
I don't do it because I have like emotional like that block, which is in trauma, but you think
it's cool too.
I also have hyper cholesterol, I mean, so I have like arterial block, let's do the next.
You should probably eat breakfast, then.
If I have high cholesterol, I'm trying to not.
I'm trying to not.
I'm trying to not make a backup plan for a backup plan.
No, I fucking go with the flow, baby, but maybe like first, no.
Okay.
No, no.
I'm a big purple circle for that.
The biggest one?
Yeah, disagree.
You usually stay calm even under a lot of pressure.
Yeah.
I would agree too because this has been a pressure.
It hasn't been hot in here.
We're kind of a pressure cooker of a podcast.
Yeah.
I'll do a similar medium green circle.
Okay.
It's good and hot in here.
So take a.
Yeah.
Yeah, or the next question.
At social events, you rarely introduce yourself to new people, and you mostly talk to the
ones you already know.
No, disagree.
Middle.
I mean, I talk to people I know, but middle disagree.
I'm a pretty firm agreeer on that.
I don't know.
That was 10%.
There's 10 pages.
Let's not fucking finish this because we, it's 52 minutes.
Okay.
What do you just think you are?
You NFP?
That sucks.
I'm gonna dig a dig at mile.
You only went through one of these, but you end up being close.
The digs premise sort of fell by the way side very early.
I think we spent too much time on the potatoes quite frankly.
This show has segments to move things along when there isn't momentum.
This episode is at so much momentum.
I feel like we didn't even need them.
If this had been a wax, we would have gotten a lot out of your axe.
Yeah.
I'm gonna waxing, but I don't know about this.
We got it.
Next time when you come on, we got to do a two-parter because we do have to wrap things up,
and I feel like I could go for another hour.
Yeah.
Which one have things to have cool?
Would you come on again?
Yeah, I would come on again.
But only because I'm like a little worried about you.
That's what Melanie Bracewell said.
No one.
And she thought it was two years ago, she was on this show.
Your recall for the episodes that happened just once with one guest years ago is
honestly alarming and alerting.
I'm scared for the more important things you've forgotten because you have this
recall for these really obscure guests that we've had on this show.
When did Melanie Bracewell say that to you?
29.
May Shakira learn!
When you have an ass for a boss?
Spank it.
I'm gonna have an ass.
I got that.
Okay, I get that.
It's like spank me.
Spank him here.
Wow.
I'm still figuring it out.
Like sometimes, yeah.
You have an ass for a boss.
Spank it.
My disgraced boss was the heckest bagus last week.
Kind of makes sense.
I didn't think you were gonna see that.
Because it came up today.
Like she did.
I tuned in to just be like, well, I wonder what the show's gonna be.
And I was like, oh, that's interesting.
They don't have a TV and all of it.
But there's like a square that looks like a TV.
How's your sex life?
I feel like we never talked about that.
I feel like I could.
He's going back in.
You do you?
Well, myiles, what are you going on?
What do you want to point the people towards?
Um, yeah, if you liked this for some reason,
you can go listen to my podcast, Perfect Person.
Now I'm headgun.
Yeah!
Yeah.
EA Sports.
It's in the game.
Yeah.
We take calls from people like Jeff who are struggling emotionally.
And then we sell the problems.
To make them a perfect person.
And do you consider yourself a perfect person?
I do because being perfect means never having to say you're sorry.
So you don't cry.
You don't say I'm sorry.
You won't have this really never mind.
Yeah, I won't mind.
Yeah, I won't dive into the gas.
But um, no, I do consider myself perfect.
Um, only because I feel like I'm able to help others.
Yeah, it's my way of cool.
I'm going to your sexual prowess and stuff.
But how is this sex?
He asked about your sex life.
He didn't really.
You're going to dodge the question.
I'm not a perfect person.
Who's that?
Nickelback or some shit?
Um, and the reason is you.
Creed.
The reason is who bestank?
Who bestank?
That's why you break the screen.
Yeah.
Casey's wearing a hoopestank shirt.
Off screen.
Um, anything else social media?
Uh, out of my eyes, bond on the gram.
Patreon.
Yeah, perfect person also has a Patreon.
We have platinum episodes that are just like bonus episode stuff.
And they may have a premium version of the show that's had free and has like bonus
calls and stuff.
So love that.
Hit it up, baby.
Um, are you okay?
No, I literally don't like someone's supposed to end.
I am so anxious right now.
I also feel guilty because my friend Sarah needed me to move a couch in my truck after this.
And then she couldn't, it's not really my fault, but she couldn't because of the offer
person had to push earlier to one.
And I was like, I'm recording.
Yeah.
So I just feel like I wronged a friend.
I was late to this.
Yeah.
And ultimately, uh, my weekend doesn't start to online PM tonight.
So that's where I'm at at at Jeffway already on Twitter.
We got to 10,000.
I'm going to be bearing hole.
You guys didn't can't Twitter?
Yeah.
Next Friday, week from today.
So although when this comes out, it'll already be out.
I, this, this is why I don't like banking episodes, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
You know, yeah.
What do you, what do you, uh, what do you want to plug?
Watch a perfect person.
I'm going to be on it.
I'm going to be honest.
I haven't asked you if I could be on it.
You can be on it.
All right.
I'm going to be on it, guys.
I'm going to be on it, maybe.
You can, you run the network.
Yeah.
I'm on it.
Marica and the reason is you.
Listen to who bestank.
There's no way.
Watch the end of Hot Rod.
Where Rod wakes up and just says who bestank for some reason.
And follow me on Twitter and Instagram and
the Letterboxed at Marie K-Lon.
Are you, what are you seeing today?
Sorry.
The band she's of inertia, whatever that word is, the new one.
Extend a movie.
Cutting you off.
I don't really know what that movie is.
Yeah.
Well, I'm curious.
Well, I was going to say shout out to Marie
because Letterbox, because I'm, I'm a follower and it's really a good,
good cinema.
Miles, thank you.
You had critiques.
Are you going to see Black Adam?
I was going to, but now I just kind of don't care enough
because it's so seemingly so bad.
I'm worried about the way he's pouring his heart to the film.
Oh, he just can't quite encourage people to see it fast enough.
Yeah.
Do you think you're going to be able to screw that scene?
With just a Marvel movie because he's given up entirely.
I don't know.
It's hard to say.
Yeah.
He's really, you really, really wants this to be his thing.
I don't think so though.
Yeah.
I don't think it's just a feel because I've never heard of Black Adam before.
Never signed on.
And that, he was already starting in a position of weakness with that.
But he's been doing his best to sort of push this boulder up a hill.
It's a Cicifissian task.
It seems to market this movie.
For sure.
And if the rotten tomato score is there, it's annoying that it just gets boiled down
to that like the noise of new cars.
It's going to be a mirror watching the DC universe.
But it's just information and news about Washington, DC.
That's nothing to do with political cartoons.
Yeah, you've never seen before.
Well, this one's interesting, but I just don't know what the gilded age was.
Can we see it on the screen?
Or it's kind of two right-of-center to show.
This one's a far side.
Um, on your casey, plugs, pit wall, uh, yeah, listen to the pit wall.
An apple on podcast.
I'm on it.
Japs on it.
Marie Kazanit.
On you as weirdly, not on him.
On you watch that one.
Of course I do.
She does not.
She does.
I watched one season.
I don't know, I believe.
One's, oh, yeah.
She doesn't watch the races.
Which, uh, we exclusively talk about it.
But I, I think I could chime in and tell you guys, every time,
every time the Ferrari boys are on their cue.
And that, I think is the comment.
Okay.
That is the comment.
We could get on you on the show.
Yeah.
That is a key at the week segment, right?
That's kind of, I'll just come in for just that segment, Emily.
Coming for a holiday that we can then leave.
Yeah.
By the way, we mostly record on Sunday nights and Monday nights.
There's going to be, well, I guess we've been doing Mondays.
Monday afternoon.
And don't say we, because you skipped last week.
Yeah.
If you remember to watch,
I, you're on it.
Yeah, that's true.
You're not part of that thing.
Don't insert yourself.
You're not a wee.
You're barely a me.
Everyone's laughing at you.
Take that feeling and go into the weekend with it.
Oh.
It's just simply a 9 p.m.
Why is your weekend started at 9 p.m.?
I have a Patreon Zarty.
What is that?
Zarty, I have a lot of money.
It's a zoo party.
We hang out with the party.
People who pay the highest tier, we get to,
it's kind of just going to grow.
So people have made their session.
Yeah.
We gotta go.
I would like to say that I got a little bracelet that says,
why is, to remind myself to be wise.
Are you walking out?
That was a hit-dum original.